add event _time to sources/snapshots/models/seeds (#6384)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/source-configs.md

## Available configurations

<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.8">

> Sources supports [`enabled`](/reference/resource-configs/enabled) and [`meta`](/reference/resource-configs/meta).

Author: currently the doc mentions source only supports enabled. but other pages show that it supports meta, and not event_time.

</File>

#### Configure a source with an `event_time`

<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.8">

> Configuring an [`event_time`](/reference/resource-configs/event-time) for a source is only available in dbt Cloud Versionless or dbt Core versions 1.9 and later.

Author: added an example here, does that make sense? tried to keep it with the clickstream example.

</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.9">

To configure a source with an `event_time`, specify the `event_time` field in the source configuration. This field is used to represent the actual timestamp of the event, rather than something like a loading date.

For example, if you had a source table called `clickstream` in the `events` source, you can use the timestamp for each event in the `event_timestamp` column as follows:

<File name='dbt_project.yml'>

```yaml
sources:
  events:
    clickstream:
      +event_time: event_timestamp
```
</File>

In this example, the `event_time` is set to `event_timestamp`, which has the exact time each clickstream event happened.

> Not only is this required for the [incremental microbatching strategy]((/docs/build/incremental-microbatch)), but when you compare data across [CI and production](/docs/deploy/advanced-ci#considerations) environments, dbt will use `event_timestamp` to filter and match data by this event-based timeframe, ensuring that only overlapping timeframes are compared.

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 

This link takes me to a page not found.
I think this is the correct link: /docs/build/incremental-microbatch (I think it might be the double brackets causing the issue)

Kind Regards
Natalie

Author: thanks so much @nataliefiann , ok i fixed the link! it was the double parenthesis and also the #considerations is wrong - it should be`/docs/deploy/advanced-ci#speeding-up-comparisons` instead! great catch!

> Not only is this required for the [incremental microbatching strategy]((/docs/build/incremental-microbatch)), but when you compare data across [CI and production](/docs/deploy/advanced-ci#considerations) environments, dbt will use `event_timestamp` to filter and match data by this event-based timeframe, ensuring that only overlapping timeframes are compared.

Author: ```suggestion
Not only is this required for the [incremental microbatching strategy](/docs/build/incremental-microbatch), but when you compare data across [CI and production](/docs/deploy/advanced-ci#speeding-up-comparisons) environments, dbt will use `event_timestamp` to filter and match data by this event-based timeframe, ensuring that only overlapping timeframes are compared.
```
